( Watch on Kissasia.vip )
Director Xu,
I heard from Principal Li
that you're not only the academic director here,
but you were also Wu Fei's secretary before.
You were with him when he started his business.
So we'd like to know more about Wu Fei.
Could you tell us about him?
My relationship with Wu Fei is strictly professional.
As for his private life,
I don't know much.
You,
try to recall.
Does he have any enemies in society?
Or did he meet anyone special lately?
Did anything unusual happen?
For example,
did he have any arguments with anyone recently?
Lao Li,
I treated you as a brother,
and you stole my woman?
Hmph.
Brother.
Don't think I don't know.
Your next step after hooking up with Cao Wenwen
is to kick me out of the school.
So what if it is?
Kill me if you can.
Oh.
I remember now.
A few days ago,
I heard Principal Wu and Principal Li having a fight.
Hey.
I just overheard it by accident.
For the details,
you'd better go ask Principal Li.
Ah.
What's wrong?
Nose.
His nose is real.
Go see for yourselves if you don't believe me.
The killer is quite arrogant.
Who are you and why are you here?
I...
I'm Wu Fei's girlfriend,
and also a student at the academy.
I came here
originally
to remember him.
But I didn't
expect this.
Were you here last night?
I was here last night.
At that time,
the wax figure was normal.
Are you sure?
I'm sure.
Director Xu,
in this corridor and your office,
are there any surveillance cameras?
No.
Yes.
It was Principal Li.
He must have been here yesterday.
I remember
when I came in,
I think I smelled his cigar.
Officers.
Excuse me.
I have to go to class now.
What's wrong,
Officer Qiu?
His mouth...
It's real.
This...
This mouth is real.
This killer is such a pervert.
Was this classroom
used for classes yesterday?
Yes.
It had several classes.
But there was only one class today.
None of us noticed it.
As for Wu Fei,
how many wax figures like this does he have in total?
As far as I know,
there are four.
One at the school reception,
one in his office,
one in the classroom,
and one at his home.
Hey,
where did all these wax figures come from?
Do you know?
I think I heard him say
that years ago,
he dated an art student.
She was so madly in love with him
that she specifically learned how to make wax figures for him.
But exactly who she is,
I have no idea.
Principal Li.
What were you doing sneaking around
Wu Fei's office last night?
Did you want to cut off Wu Fei's nose
and put it in the wax figure?
Oh,
you've wronged me, Officer.
I...
I only went to his office to find a document.
Besides,
I faint at the sight of blood.
I couldn't possibly do such a thing.
Then what were you arguing about?
Wu Fei is an ungrateful wretch.
If I hadn't funded
the establishment of this training center,
would he be where he is today?
This guy
is so ungrateful.
He wanted to kick me out once he made money.
That kid is out of line.
So you killed him.
No.
I didn't kill anyone.
I...
Of course I'm angry,
but there's no need for me to kill him.
If I knew he died in this warehouse...
I...
How could I dare take this officer there?
Before we went to the school,
where were you?
Right at the school.
Doing what?
I was having a staff meeting.
Who can prove it?
The other staff members
can all prove it.
What about the night before last?
The day before yesterday.
I wasn't even in Jiangcheng the day before yesterday.
I went back to my hometown.
You can go and check it.
We questioned
all the staff at the training center,
and investigated Principal Li's movements on the day of the crime.
He had no time to commit the crime,
so he can be temporarily ruled out.
Cases like missing genitals,
which involve highly retaliatory and humiliating
methods,
usually point to crimes of passion.
So.
We need to adjust our investigation direction.
We should focus on
women who had significant
romantic entanglements with Wu Fei.
I've already asked Zhai to make a list.
Zhai, tell us about it.
In Wu Fei's contacts and social media,
there are over a dozen saved as 'Baby' plus a name.
Moreover,
he even categorized them.
This kid is something else.
Who did he meet before he was killed?
This is the record of Wu Fei's itinerary for that day.
Hengbao Street, Chengdong District, Jiangcheng City.
That day,
he met with five women in total.
This guy was a true master of time management.
Cao Wenwen was the last one.
Not necessarily.
What about the dashcam?
It was intentionally destroyed by the killer after 8:00.
But there are no other fingerprints on it.
Don't miss a single one.
Question all of them.
Let's go.
Tell us.
What's the situation?
We are all adults.
We just take what we need
and play around.
He said he only loved me.
That scumbag.
I'm already seeing Principal Li.
Officer,
could you not tell my husband about this?
What?
He's dead?
Sit down.
No way.
He still owes me a lot of money.
Officer,
can I still get it back?
Wow.
That was a fast interrogation.
How did it go on your end?
Don't ask.
Other than proving he's a master of time management,
we got absolutely no clues.
Looks like we still need to investigate the training center internally.
As for the wax figure,
could it be that Cao Wenwen
is a thief crying 'stop thief'?
It's also possible.
The killer gouged out Wu Fei's eyes,
cut off his nose and ears,
and his genitals.
I guess
they will very likely strike again.
Let's go.
Let's split up.
Don't think I don't know.
Wu Fei clearly made a date with me that day.
If you hadn't played the bitch and told him you were sick,
he wouldn't have left me.
Cao Wenwen,
even if Wu Fei is dead,
his heart is still with me.
How dare you compete with me?
Look at yourself,
look at your behavior.
Wu Fei dumped you,
but you still threw yourself at him.
In my opinion,
you are just an unwanted old woman.
Watch your mouth.
Wu Fei's death
most likely has everything to do with you.
Believe it or not, I'll tear your mouth off.
Shut your mouths, all of you.
Principal Wu Fei has passed away.
The police are investigating.
If anyone dares to talk nonsense again,
get out of here.
Officers,
this cabinet
contains our students' files.
That cabinet
holds our teaching materials
and teachers' files.
Feel free to take a look.
As for what kind of women Wu Fei dates,
there are probably so many even he can't count them.
I can't help you with that.
Are you teaching
male and female students
separately?
Yes.
We separate them into God and Goddess classes.
Wu Fei leads the male students.
As for the female students,
I'm mainly in charge of them.
How to build your own identity.
Can you really do that?
Isn't there a popular saying online?
When you're out there,
you give yourself an identity.
When you play a role for a long time,
you work towards it
and become a better version of yourself.
Officer,
this is called positive psychology.
Our course
doesn't fool people.
What positive psychology?
You're just creating a fake identity
and going out to scam people.
Zhai.
We are here to investigate the case,
not to judge others.
That's alright.
Many students think so at first.
But after taking some classes,
they will naturally find the usefulness of our courses.
Whoa.
Oh.
How to master
the initiative in a relationship.
Hey, Master.
Alright.
Let's check the files.
Okay.
But...
I have a class later,
so I can't stay with you anymore.
Please make yourselves at home.
Thank you.
Oh, right.
Uh...
About the two ladies from earlier,
could you ask them to come to the station with me
to answer some questions?
No problem.
Master.
I think,
isn't this just creating an identity for oneself,
then mentally manipulating others,
to ultimately cheat them out of money and sex?
Isn't this just fraud?
Aren't you a smart one.
What are we here for?
To investigate
who killed Wu Fei.
Whether it's fraud or not,
we'll find out as we investigate.
Got it?
Know what you are supposed to do.
Okay.
Go get the files.
Didn't I tell you?
I'm his girlfriend.
Oh.
Then what about
Su Na?
Wu Fei broke up with her long ago.
I'm his real girlfriend.
She is just an ex.
Everyone has one.
She is so shameless.
Wu Fei already broke up with her,
but she kept throwing herself at him.
She's so pathetic.
I understand.
Not related to her?
What do you think?
Did you ever hate Wu Fei?
What do you mean?
You don't think
I killed Wu Fei, do you?
Just answer the question.
I loved him so much.
He was handsome and sweet.
Plus,
he handled every relationship well.
before entering the next.
As far as you know,
does Wu Fei
have any other girlfriends
besides Su Na?
He couldn't be involved with anyone else.
He told me
that I was his true love,
his soulmate,
and the person he cared about most
in this world.
Su Na,
we wanted to ask
what happened.
We started dating a year ago.
In between,
we broke up and got back together many times.
Then between you and Cao Wenwen...
I was just teaching normally.
After she got together with Wu Fei,
she started targeting me.
What happened to your hand?